# sunset_cliffs_power
All documents related to project 2 for the Sunset Cliffs group
Team - Here are the files for the SAM PV and wind models. If you would like to run them yourselves, I would recommend saving them all to a single folder. You'll also have to update the USER INPUTS variables to reflect the file path you use for the input data, weather file, and output file. At the moment the wind python script can only run 1 model at a time as I'm having trouble getting the code to update the total farm capacity attribute. Professor Hodge wasn't sure how to fix it either. I've reached out to the SAM development team to try and resolve this but for now. Not a big deal considering we're only using 2 wind farms at the moment. Below is a description of the most important files:

PV_Generator_Input_Data.csv - PV input data gathered from Tyler and Aldo's research. Wind_Generator_Input_Data.csv - Wind input data gathered from Tyler and Aldo's research. SAM PV Model Template.sam - SAM application file used as a template to build the PV design.  SAM Wind Model Template.sam - SAM application file used as a template to build the wind design.  SAM PV Model.ipynb - Python script that runs pvwatts models in SAM.  SAM Wind Model.ipynb - Python script that runs windpower models in SAM. SAM_PV_Model_Template_pvwattsv8.json - JSON file used to import PV model parameters from the SAM template.  SAM_Wind_Model_Template_windpower.json - JSON file used to import wind model parameters from the SAM template.  Total_PV_Output_Timeseries.csv - Output file that contains timeseries data and aggregate PV generation data.  Total_Wind_Output_Timeseries.csv - Output file that contains timeseries data and aggregate wind generation data.  PV_WeatherFile - PV weather file that's generated and written over every time a new SAM model is created. Wind_WeatherFile - Wind weather file that's generated and written over every time a new SAM model is created.
